# random-quotes

The quotes that i generally find inspiring. Albeit this is a repository just to remind me to use github, though. The quotes are from anything, anywhere, they are just thoughtful or mean something. The format is a list: **"quote"**, Author(character), Where(source), (Author, if a book or something). If the first Author is a character in something, the real author is to be added after the where. I'll probably mix some languages in this.

# Quotes

## English

-   **"Entire civilizations were built and destroyed between now and the last time you said "we'll go soon"! I'll have rotted and turned to ash by the time this "soon" of yours comes!!"**, Aisaka Taiga, Toradora
-   **"My happiness can only be... can only be made with my own hands! My happiness doesn't depend on anyone but me!"**, Kushieda Minori, Toradora
-   **"'According to Chekhov,' Tamaru said, rising from his chair, 'once a gun appears in a story, it has to be fired.'"**, Tengo Kawana, 1Q84, Haruki Murakami
-   **“Both hope and despair are self-fulfilling prophecies.”**, ....a blog post, forgot the source.
-   **“If you can't understand it without an explanation, you can't understand it with an explanation.”**, Tengo's Father, 1Q84, Haruki Murakami
-   **“It's just that you're about to do something out of the ordinary. And after you do something like that, the everyday look of things might seem to change a little. Things may look different to you than they did before. But don't let appearances fool you. There's always only one reality.”**, The Leader, 1Q84, Haruki Murakami
-   **“A person's last moments are an important thing. You can't choose how you're born but you can choose how you die.”**, The Leader, 1Q84, Haruki Murakami
-   **“It seemed to me that this world has a serious shortage of both logic and kindness.”**, (either by Tengo or Aomame), 1Q84, Haruki Murakami
-   **"Achieve your mission with all your might. Despair not till your last breath. Make your death count."**, Part of the creed of the Valkyries, Muv Luv: Alternative, Âge
-   **"The Hero Club Five Tenants!  Give people a good greeting! Try not to give up! Sleep well, eat well! If you’re troubled, talk to someone! And last, you’re likely to succeed if you try!"**, Yuuki Yuuna, Yuuki Yuuna wa Yuusha de Aru
-   **"Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent."**, Salvor Hardin, Foundatin, Isaac Asimov
-   **"It's a poor atom blaster that _doesn't_ point both ways."**, Salvor Hardin/Hober Mallow, Foundation, Isaac Asimov
-   **"To succeed, planning alone is insufficient. One must improvise as well."**, Salvor Hardin, Foundation, Isaac Asimov
-   **"If you can give up, then it wasn't really your dream."**, Nanba Hibito, Uchuu Kyoudai(Space Brothers)
-   **"I must prove that I can be, that I am and will be, a normal person. Perhaps no better, but certainly no worse than the rest."**, Henri Charrière, Papillon(as himself)
-   **"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect."**, Mark Twain
-   **"Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you’ll be criticized anyway."**, Eleanor Roosevelt
-   **"Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds."**, J. Robert Oppenheimer
-   **"If you really want to know what's happening here and now, you've got to use your own eyes and your own judgment."**, Aomame, 1Q84, Haruki Murakami
-   **"Flesh that does not exist will never die, and promises unmade are never broken."**, Aomame, 1Q84, Haruki Murakami
-   **"I move, therefore I am."**, Aomame, 1Q84, Haruki Murakami
-   **"Violence does not always take physical form, and not all wounds gush blood."**, The Dowager, 1Q84, Haruki Murakami
-   **"To the man with only a hammer, everything is a nail."**, Old Saying
-   **"Your goal is to stick the pointy end of the sword into the other man; any fancy techniques, motions, or theories that distract from that simple goal are useless."**, Miyamoto Musashi, Book of the Five Rings
-   **"There is no merit to discipline under ideal circumstances. I must have it in the face of death or it is worthless."**, Isaac Asimov´
-   **"When people thought the Earth was flat, they were wrong. When people thought the Earth was spherical, they were wrong. But if you think that thinking the Earth is spherical is just as wrong as thinking the Earth is flat, then your view is wronger than both of them put together."**, Isaac Asimov
-   **"Remove everything that has no relevance to the story. If you say in the first chapter that there is a rifle hanging on the wall, in the second or third chapter it absolutely must go off. If it's not going to be fired, it shouldn't be hanging there."**, Anton Chekhov
-   **"Any physical theory is always provisional, in the sense that it is only a hypothesis: you can never prove it. No matter how many times the results of experiments agree with some theory, you can never be sure that the next time the result will not contradict the theory. On the other hand, you can disprove a theory by finding even a single observation that disagrees with the predictions of the theory. As philosopher of science Karl Popper has emphasized, a good theory is characterized by the fact that it makes a number of predictions that could in principle be disproved or falsified by observation. Each time new experiments are observed to agree with the predictions the theory survives, and our confidence in it is increased; but if ever a new observation is found to disagree, we have to abandon or modify the theory."**, Stephen Hawking, A Brief History of Time
-   **"Today's problems: courtesy of yesterday's solutions."**, IBM Presentation on Java Bridge
-   **"Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and to remove all doubt."**, Maurice Switzer
-   **"Each murder has to be answered with another murder, until we are out of people who can die!"**, John Green on Shakespeare's Hamlet
-   **"Ultimately, Hamlet is a great play for it's aphorisms, and it's language, and it's ambiguity, but also because it brilliantly captures the fact that we do not know what we are doing."**, John Green on Hamlet again
-   **"The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones."**, Confucius
-   **"There are no passengers on spaceship earth. We are all crew."**, Marshall Mcluhan
-   **"Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple."**, Dr. Seuss
-   **"The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom."**, Isaac Asimov
-   **"...Scientists are too concerned with whether they can, they don’t stop to ask if they should."**, Jeff Goldblum in Jurassic Park
-   **"And similarly, inequality hides behind numbers. The numbers somehow allow so many of us to forget that there are people trying to live behind them. When I say one out of five American children lives in poverty, that probably means nothing to you. If I presented you with five children and pointed to the one who is poor, you might shrug. If I told you his name and asked him to tell you about his favorite teacher, maybe you’d listen. If he tells you he struggles to fall asleep at night because he’s so hungry, I hope you’d start feeling uncomfortable. If I show you the cockroaches that crawl off the walls into his bed at night, I’m making one out of five very fucking real for you."**, [Holly Wood](https://medium.com/@girlziplocked) on Talia Jane's letter
-   **"Yeah, that's what the present is. It's a little unsatisfying because life's a little unsatisfying."**, Gil, Midnight in Paris
-   **"The artist's job is not to succumb to despair but to find an antidote for the emptiness of existence."**, Gertrude Stein, Midnight in Paris
-   **"You'll never write well if you fear dying."**, Ernest Hemingway in Midnight in Paris
-   **"Who needs talent when you have intensity?"**, Jeff Atwood quoting Jack Black's Tenacious D.
-   **"Life sucks and then you die."**, good friend Lucas quoting some old movie that I can't possibly remember now.
-   **"If people aren't laughing at your dreams, your dreams aren't big enough."**, Grayson Marshall
-   **"Freethinkers are those who are willing to use their minds without prejudice and without fearing to understand things that clash with their own customs, privileges, or beliefs. This state of mind is not common, but it is essential for right thinking..."**, Leo Tolstoy
-   **"Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself."**, Leo Tolstoy
-   **"If, then, I were asked for the most important advice I could give, that which I considered to be the most useful to the men of our century, I should simply say: in the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you."**, Leo Tolstoy
-   **"People who don’t love you don’t care about you or your day or your life that much, they’re probably not especially rooting for you, and they certainly want nothing to do with your worst qualities. And you doing something purely to serve your emotional or egotistical needs really should not show up on their computer screen—it just shouldn’t."**, Tim Urban, Wait But Why
-   **"The miscalibration of the incompetent stems from an error about the self, whereas the miscalibration of the highly competent stems from an error about others."**, Dunning-Kruger effect, from Wikipedia
-   **"Duck typing doesn’t care what the underlying type might be. If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it’s a duck."**, Seven Languages in Seven Weeks
-   **"... he thought being certain of something causes you to close your mind, and that's not what we want. Always remaining open to the idea that your current beliefs might be wrong is the best way to get ever closer to the truth."**, Crash Course on Karl Popper
-   **"Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be destroyed, and tolerance with them."**, Karl Popper on the Paradox of Tolerance
-   **"Whenever a theory appears to you as the only possible one, take this as a sign that you have neither understood the theory nor the problem which it was intended to solve."**, Karl Popper
-   **"Leadership is solving problems. The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help or concluded you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership."**, Colin Powell in My American Journey (1995)
-   **"The world is moving so fast that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it."**, Elbert Hubbard
-   **"When you look back at yourself six months from today and don’t feel embarrassed by your naiveté, there’s a problem. That means you’re not learning, growing."**, Ryan Hoover
-   **"The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried."**, Stephen McCranie
-   **"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts."**, Winston Churchill
-   **"Reality is an illusion! The universe is a hologram! Buy gold, bye!"**, Bill Cipher, Gravity Falls
-   **"Hegel was right when he said that we learn from history that man can never learn anything from history."**, George Bernard Shaw
-   **"Set a timeline for your decision. You will not be able to escape hard work anywhere; if you choose to stay, then buckle up."**, [N. Chaubé answer to a Academia.Exchange question](https://academia.stackexchange.com/a/67628/40854).
-   **"The weight of seeing through the fear and beyond the monster to simply discover yourself is often too terrible for many people to bear. In a world of hard things, it's the hardest there is."**, Jeff Atwood, Coding Horror
-   **"Any headline that ends in a question mark can be answered by the word no."**, Betteridge's law of headlines
-   **"Writing appears more forgiving because there is no compiler or interpreter catching your its/it’s issues or reminding you of the rules regarding that or which. Here’s the rub: there is a compiler and it’s fucking brutal. It’s your readers. Your readers are far more critical than the Python interpreter. Not only do they care about syntax, but they also want to learn something, and, perhaps, be entertained while all this learning is going down. Success means they keep coming back – failure is a lonely silence. Python is looking pretty sweet now, right?"**, a guy that i can't find his name on the [blog](http://randsinrepose.com/archives/please-learn-to-write/)
-   **"By induction, the only programmers in a position to see all the differences in power between the various languages are those who understand the most powerful one. (This is probably what Eric Raymond meant about Lisp making you a better programmer.) You can't trust the opinions of the others, because of the Blub paradox: they're satisfied with whatever language they happen to use, because it dictates the way they think about programs."**, [excellent paul graham](http://www.paulgraham.com/avg.html)
-   **"Most people quit because they look how far they have to go, not how far they have come."**, Anonymous, from Momentum Dash
-   **"If one only wished to be happy, this could be easily accomplished; but we wish to be happier than other people, and this is always difficult, for we believe others to be happier than they are."**, Charles de Montesquieu
-   **"A good decision now is better than a perfect decision in two days"**, James Waters
-   **"The curse of the monad is that once you get the epiphany, once you understand - "oh that's what it is" - you lose the ability to explain it to anybody."**, Douglas Crockford on Monads
-   **"Things that seem obvious kill us, if something sounds obvious, that’s where the danger is."**, [Thoughtworks article](https://www.thoughtworks.com/pt/insights/blog/specification-example)
-   **"Sure, XWing jets can communicate fine with rebel headquarters during an attack in a completely different galaxy, but a simple vector map needs to be carried by hand on a USB stick."**, [Gojko Adzic](https://gojko.net/favourites/testing/agile/2016/05/24/large-test-suites.html)
-   **"Never attribute to malice, that which is adequately explained by a lack of exhaustive search to the researcher."**, [Meiklejohn's Razor](https://christophermeiklejohn.com/lasp/2015/09/03/worst.html)
-   **"_I'm not going to think of anything superfluous,_ Ushikawa decided. _Be thick-skinned, have a hard shell around my heart, take one day at a time, go by the book. I'm just a machine. A capable, patient, unfeeling machine. A machine that draws in new time through one end, then spits out old time from the other end. It exists in order to exist._ He needed to revert back again to that pure, unsulliedcycle - that perpertual motion that would one day come to an end. [...] _Good. Can't ask for more. I'm a simple system again_, he told himself, _a simple system with complex details_."**, Ushikawa, 1Q84, Haruki Murakami.
-   **"I had nightmares I thought were really horrible until I woke up and remembered what reality was at the moment"**, Bora Horza Gobuchul, Consider Phlebas, Ian M. Banks
-   **"But how awful would that be? How terrible to live surrounded by the stark, sharp, hollowness of things that simply were enough?"**, Auri, The Slow Regard of Silent Things, Patrick Rothfuss
-   **"She felt the panic rising in her then. She knew. She knew how quickly things could break. You did the things you could. You tended to the world for the world's sake. You hoped you would be safe. But still she knew. It could come crashing down and there was nothing you could do. And yes, she knew she wasn't right. She knew her everything was canted wrong. She knew her head was all unkilter. She knew she wasn't true inside. She knew."**, Auri, The Slow Regard of Silent Things, Patrick Rothfuss
-   **"She'd strayed from the true way of things. First you set yourself to rights. And then your house. And then your corner of the sky. And after that... Well, then she didn't rightly know what happened next. But she hoped that after that the world would start to run itself a bit, like a gear-watch proper fit and kissed with oil. That was what she hoped would happen."**, Auri, The Slow Regard of Silent Things, Patrick Rothfuss
-   **"But for half a minute she wished it was a different sort of day, even though she knew that nothing good could come from wanting at the world."**, Auri, The Slow Regard of Silent Things, Patrick Rothfuss
-   **"When it really comes down to it, I’ve got no loyalty to any language or toolkit, or computer platform, if a language cannot make a case for itself, then I’m not going to use it."**, Garry Taylor, [from here](https://www.quora.com/Why-did-Garry-Taylor-leave-Python-language-after-12-years-of-productivity/answer/Garry-Taylor-5)
-   **"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do."**, Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, another medium article that I don't remember
-   **"An earnest failure has meaning."**, Multiple Characters, Uchuu Kyoudai (Space Brothers)
-   **"Everybody has a plan until I punch them in the face."**, Mike Tyson, [from here](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/positive-psychology-lessons-from-olympic-medalist-navy-larsen-jensen)
-   **"They expected me to be wonderful to offer me a job like this and I wasn't wonderful, and therefore I realized a new principle, which was that I'm not responsible for what other people think I am able to do; I don't have to be good because they think I'm going to be good. And somehow or other I could relax about this, and I thought to myself, I haven't done anything important and I'm never going to do anything important. But I used to enjoy physics and mathematical things and because I used to play with it. It was never very important but I used to do things for the fun of it, so I decided I'm going to do things only for the fun of it."**, Richard Feynman, The Pleasure of Finding Things Out Interview
-   **"So, Lone Starr, now you see that evil will always triumph, because good is dumb."**, Spaceballs + Jeff Atwood, [from here](https://blog.codinghorror.com/designing-for-evil/)
- **"It’s better to prepare for a future that you don’t have than to not prepare for a future you do have. And science is based on this reasoning: We don’t know why the universe is comprehensible and why the laws of nature are predictive. But we cannot do anything about unknown unknowns anyway, so we ignore them. And if we do that, we can benefit from our extrapolations."**, Hossenfelder, Sabine, [her blog](http://backreaction.blogspot.com.br/2017/06/dear-dr-b-what-are-chances-of-universe.html)
- **"Punching people for their beliefs is what Nazis do, not us."**, Brad, Brad Ideas, [from here](http://ideas.4brad.com/free-speech-theory-explained)
- **"The countless dragons that rained down were less significant threats than the humans in the sky."**, The Narrator, Hunter x Hunter
- **"Meruem, King of Ants, you understand nothing...... of humanity's infinite potential for evolution!"**, Isaac Netero, Hunter x Hunter, [the best scene in the entire anime](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/hunterxhunter/images/3/3c/126_-_Netero_on_the_edge_of_death.png/revision/latest?cb=20140424050235)
-   **"Auri was urchin small. Her tiny feet upon the stone were bare. Auri stood, and in the circle of her golden hair she grinned and brought the weight of her desire down full upon the world. And all things shook. And all things knew her will. And all things bent to please her."**, Auri, The Slow Regard of Silent Things, Patrick Rothfuss
- **"It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet I keep them, because in spite of everything, I still believe that people are really good at heart."**, Anne Frank, Diary of a Young Girl
- **"Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands."**, Anne Frank, Diary of a Young Girl
- **"I don't want to have lived in vain like most people. I want to be useful or bring enjoyment to all people, even those I've never met. I want to go on living even after my death!"**, Anne Frank, Diary of a Young Girl
- **"How noble and good everyone could be if, every evening before falling asleep, they were to recall to their minds the events of the while day and consider exactly what has been good and bad. Then, without realizing it you try to improve yourself at the start of each new day; of course, you achieve quite a lot in the course of time. Anyone can do this, it costs nothing and is certainly very helpful. Whoever doesn't know it must learn and find by experience that: 'A quiet conscience mades one strong!'"**, Anne Frank, Diary of a Young Girl
- **"No amount of passion can overcome a lack of technical expertise."**, Fuyumi Irisu, Hyouka
- **"“Scaling traffic” doesn’t sound like how I’d phrase it if I were writing or speaking for myself, but if you’ve just described your need to me as scaling traffic, by golly I will tell you how great I am at scaling traffic."**, [this post](http://www.kalzumeus.com/2012/01/23/salary-negotiation/)
- **"Jerry, just remember...It's not a lie, if you believe it."**, apparently from Seinfield, [source](https://www.reddit.com/r/seinfeld/comments/x1sh5/one_of_my_favorite_lines_from_seinfeld_jerry_just/) (weak, I know.)
- **"Some sweet code has been written by gun nuts, lechers, holocaust deniers and (in at least once case) someone who believes that fasting will cure cancer."**, [this guy](https://rusty.ozlabs.org/?p=196)
- **"It has long been known that action consumes energy."**, Concluding Remarks, [this paper](http://fermatslibrary.com/s/self-control-relies-on-glucose-as-a-limited-energy-source-willpower-is-more-than-a-metaphor)
- **"'No,' says Kosinski, quietly and shaking his head. 'This is not my fault. I did not build the bomb. I only showed that it exists.'"**, Michel Kosinski, [this terrifying article](https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/mg9vvn/how-our-likes-helped-trump-win)
- **"I don't demand that a theory correspond to reality because I don't know what it is."**, Stephen Hawking, [thanks Sabine!, from "naivetheorist"](http://backreaction.blogspot.com.br/2017/11/how-do-you-prove-that-earth-is-older.html)
- **"The ability to reduce everything to simple fundamental laws does not imply the ability to start from those laws and reconstruct the universe. The constructionist hypothesis breaks down when confronted with the twin difficulties of scale and complexity. At each level of complexity entirely new properties appear. Psychology is not applied biology, nor is biology applied chemistry. We can now see that the whole becomes not merely more, but very different from the sum of its parts."**, P. W. Anderson, [Fermat's library again](http://fermatslibrary.com/s/more-is-different#email-newsletter)
- **" FITZGERALD: The rich are different from us.
HEMINGWAY: Yes, they have more money.
"**, [from this paper again](http://fermatslibrary.com/s/more-is-different#email-newsletter)
- **"How can you not afford peer reviews? (Answer: you don't have time to do peer reviews because you're too busy writing bugs!)"**, Phil Koopman, [blog post](https://betterembsw.blogspot.com.br/2017/10/top-five-embedded-software-management.html)
- **"It is better to obtain an approximate answer to the correct problem than an exact answer to the wrong problem."**, Derek Jones, [his book](http://www.knosof.co.uk/ESEUR/ESEUR-draft.pdf)
- **"But whenever you do physics and the math gives you an infinity, you should look for a mistake. Nothing physically real can be infinite."**, Hossenfelder, Sabine, [her blog](http://backreaction.blogspot.com.br/2018/03/why-black-stars-arent-thing.html)
- **"The people, I would say. There is no patent. Could you patent the sun?"**; Salk, Jonas; [a bloody scientific hero](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erHXKP386Nk)
- **"But then again these days I see people demanding private free online social networking services to be held accountable for their election results, be obliged to care about their real-world safety and promote them professionally. Barking up wrong trees?"**, "Chapette", [as a comment on this post](http://backreaction.blogspot.com.br/2018/04/guest-post-brian-keating-about-his-book.html)
- **"The search for truth is arduous, the road that leads to it is full of pitfalls. To find the truth, one must set aside one's opinions and not trust the writings of the elders. You must question them and submit each of their assertions to your critical spirit. Rely only on logic and experimentation, never on the affirmation of one another, for every human being is subject to all sorts of imperfections; in our quest for truth, we must also question our own theories, with regard to each of our research to avoid succumbing to prejudice and intellectual laziness. Do so and the truth will be revealed to you."**, Ibn al-Haytham, [this nice paper](http://www.d-meeus.be/physique/Ibn_al-Haytham_Tangier_3may2018-1.pdf)
- **"Let your acts be directed towards a worthy goal, but do not ask if they will reach it; they are to be models and examples, not means to an end."**, The Second Commandment, Leo Szilard, [here](https://library.ucsd.edu/dc/object/bb64521048/_1.pdf)
- **"No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong"**, Supposedly from Einstein, but it's only a ["paraphrase"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Falsifiability#Quotations)
- **"Do not destroy what you cannot create."**, The Fourth Commandment, Leo Szilard, [here](https://library.ucsd.edu/dc/object/bb64521048/_1.pdf)
- **"But I try not to think with my gut. If I'm serious about understanding the world, thinking with anything besides my brain, as tempting as that might be, is likely to get me into trouble. It's OK to reserve judgment until the evidence is in."**, Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a candle in the dark
- **"And that’s how it will end, the great human civilization: Not with a bang and not with a whimper, but with everyone yelling at each other that someone else was responsible to do something about it."**, Hossenfelder, Sabine, [her blog](http://backreaction.blogspot.com/2018/09/im-now-older-than-my-father-has-ever.html)
- **"Instead of wasting resources on the constant redevelopment of the same functions, money can now be spent on a more productive endeavor: the peaceful, international exploration of space."**, Adrian J. Hooke, CCSDS Advanced Orbiting Systems: International Data Communications Standards for the Space Station Freedom, 1990
- **"I'm Loyal to Nothing Except the Dream"**, Jeff Atwood quoting Captain America, [this post](https://blog.codinghorror.com/im-loyal-to-nothing-except-the-dream/)
- **"I have no idea. People who boast about their IQ are losers."**, Stephen Hawking, [when asked about his IQ](https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Stephen_Hawking)
- **"I won’t mince words, this is worship of authority. People confuse the day to day practice with the scientific method itself, and treat the results of the practice as though it was perfect and the output guaranteed by the sanctity of the lab coat and the scatterplot."**, Sherif Soliman, [this very concerning post](http://sherifsoliman.com/2017/04/16/academia-troubles)
- **" I can only hope that someday my achievements approach the sublime level you have surmounted. I would be truly honored to be worthy of having horns and an evil mustache drawn on a picture of me on a Wikipedia page for the crime of spreading knowledge."**, Jonathan Starr, [this comment on Sabine's blog](http://backreaction.blogspot.com/2018/10/dear-dr-b-what-do-you-actually-live-from.html?showComment=1539719224203#c8680908213906319457)
- **"[...] Of course, if an adult asks what a child wants to accomplish in swimming, the child may say 'I want to win the Olympics', but this is more to impress or please the adults than really to announce the child's own intentions. When younger athletes talk about such goals, they are sharing fantasies, not announcing plans; and fantasies are more often enjoyed in their unreality than in their fulfillment "**, Daniel F. Chambliss, [this paper](https://fermatslibrary.com/s/the-mundanity-of-excellence-an-ethnographic-report-on-stratification-and-olympic-swimmers#email-newsletter)
- **"If someone does not understand the problem, they should not be allowed to program a solution for it."**, from [here](https://edgecoders.com/software-engineering-is-different-from-programming-b108c135af26), but I can't find a reliable source for it.

## Português

-   **"Algo errado não está certo."**, Metaleiro, Jesus Playboy, 2016
-   **"Se você não se interessa, o que acontece é culpa sua."**, Daisy Peshkov, Inverno no Mundo, Ken Follett
-   **"Você ensina elas a pular do penhasco, mas no final é você quem tem que empurrar..."**; LISPECTOR, Natália
-   **"Cuidado com os desafios. Escalar uma montanha é um desafio tremendo, pode até te trazer um sentimento de satisfação ao cumprir o objetivo, mas somente os primeiros que chegaram lá serão lembrados. Os outros, trabalharam a toa."** Vitor Pamplona
-   **"MVP de um carro é só acelerar, freio é uma feature futura."**, Metaleiro, Jesus Playboy. 2016
-   **"Na subida do Everest existem centenas de corpos de pessoas altamente motivadas."**, [daqui](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/na-subida-do-everest-existem-centenas-de-corpos-eden-wiedemann?trk=eml-b2_content_ecosystem_digest-recommended_articles-63-null&midToken=AQFSgoOm4botRw&fromEmail=fromEmail&ut=1DrfJsTrUiQDg1)
-   **"Muitas vezes em nossa vida, é preciso de qualquer jeito, trazer um sorriso no rosto, com sete espadas no peito."**, Luzia Dias da Silva
-   **"O coração é meu, mas o semblante é do próximo. portanto, devo sorrir."**, Luzia Dias da Silva

## Laws

This section is kinda random, with phsysical laws that can be useful to remember and use in the day to day life:

-   **Gödel's Incompleteness Theorems**. Any logical model of reality is incomplete (and possibly inconsistent) and must be continuously refined/adapted in the face of new observations.
-   **Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle.** In a nutshell, this principle shows that we cannot simultaneously fix or determine the velocity and position of a particle or body. We can measure coordinates or movements of those particles, but not both. As we get a more and more precise measure of one value (velocity or positions), our measurement of the other value becomes more and more uncertain. The uncertainty of one variable is created simply by the act of observation.
-   **2nd Law of Thermodynamics.** Individuals or organizations that don’t communicate with the outside world by getting new information about the environment or by creating new mental models act like a "closed system". And just as a closed system in nature will have increasing entropy, or disorder, so too will a person or organization experience mental entropy or disorder if they’re cut off from the outside world and new information.
-   **Arthur C. Clarke's** -> **First law**: When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right. When he states that something is impossible, he is very probably wrong.
    **Second law**: The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
    **Third law**: Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
